# Sequømics Contributor License Agreement
## Company

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for your present and future contributions submitted to Sequømics. Except for the license granted herein to Sequømics & recipients of software distributed by Sequømics, you reserve all right, title, and interest in and to your contributions.

<b>1. Definitions.</b>

"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this agreement with Sequømics. For legal entities, the entity making a contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity. "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by you to us, for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by Sequømics.

<b><u>Note</u>:</b> "Contribution" shall mean the architecture, code, design, documentation or other original works of authorship expressly identified by us, as well as any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by you to Sequømics for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by us i.e.; Sequømics (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to us or it's representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Sequømics for the purpose of discussing and improving the work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise strictly designated in writing by you as "Not a Contribution".
